Hart Montgomery: hey cam how's it going.
Cam Parra: Are you.
Hart Montgomery: Not too bad.
Cam Parra: that's good to hear.
Cam Parra: How have your travels been.
Hart Montgomery: i've escaped getting covered so i'm happy about that.
Cam Parra: We were, what was the last want me to read.
Hart Montgomery: I will been to OSS na and consensus in the past month.
Hart Montgomery: Both requested so.
Cam Parra: that's good you know the travel for you did you stay there, the whole month basically.
Hart Montgomery: No, no, I came back.
Okay.
Hart Montgomery: So.
Cam Parra: that's cool did you go to RSA see.
Hart Montgomery: I do not, I don't usually get RSA.
Cam Parra: it's it that's more of a vendor.
Cam Parra: conferences in it.
Hart Montgomery: They have research track, but it's usually not it's not top tier.
Cam Parra: Okay.
Cam Parra: I think, was it from here was there.
Cam Parra: As possible yeah I think he was there.
Hart Montgomery: We see like giving a keynote or something.
Cam Parra: yeah I think he was giving the keynote.
Hart Montgomery: yeah and he travels a lot, he also usually goes to crypto.
Cam Parra: Oh that's cool.
Hart Montgomery: um so.
Hart Montgomery: yeah.
Hart Montgomery: I usually just.
Hart Montgomery: Usually the only conference I go to I don't have to where i'm not speaking is crypto.
Cam Parra: buddy okay cool.
Cam Parra: So they aren't speakers at crypto right it's just like small presentations and then reviews of papers.
Hart Montgomery: Know it's it's talks.
Hart Montgomery: Okay, other have you happens beforehand pretty much.
Cam Parra: Okay cool.
Cam Parra: yeah I wanted to go to crypto this year but.
Cam Parra: yeah we transition to the new to our new teams in kiva so.
Hart Montgomery: What are you working on.
Cam Parra: i'm working on internal api's.
Hart Montgomery: Okay.
Cam Parra: yeah so we so yeah I won't be working as much on on on blockchain tech so.
Cam Parra: So yeah so.
Hart Montgomery: Are you still working on cryptography a Jason stuff or.
Cam Parra: No, not really.
Cam Parra: So i'm doing basically ursa like still on the on on on company time but like limited.
Hart Montgomery: gotcha.
yeah yeah.
Cam Parra: I don't know we're let's see, let me see.
Cam Parra: If Nathan will join.
Cam Parra: So I heard when I when I was gone on, there was a discussion or Mike presented the non credits to dotto that he's been working on.
Hart Montgomery: uh huh.
Cam Parra: i'm.
Hart Montgomery: not sure if I was there for that i'd know about it, though.
Cam Parra: Okay, I just was wondering if you had if you had if you had shared a paper or you know the math to go along with with.
Hart Montgomery: stuff we've been so i'm not well i'm not exactly sure what he's talking about there's been a bunch of stuff.
Hart Montgomery: yeah I would love us to move to.
Hart Montgomery: Yes.
Hart Montgomery: It could be talking about a number of things any, of which I think are great.
Cam Parra: Right.
Cam Parra: yeah I think he's talked to me about some of the some of the stuff he's been working on in that and i've reviewed some some some of the papers, he sent me and that seems fine To me it seems like a better way to do things but.
Cam Parra: yeah I mean I would love if we could.
Hart Montgomery: engage quite like him through coinbase.
Hart Montgomery: i'm not sure how we do that.
Hart Montgomery: But fundamentally right coinbase makes money through people trading right.
Hart Montgomery: Right like they they don't make money and they're like wallet API or anything like that right.
Cam Parra: Now yeah.
Hart Montgomery: So, presumably it wouldn't be inconceivable for them to open source that right.
Hart Montgomery: Like their crypto code and all that stuff.
Cam Parra: Right.
Hart Montgomery: That would also offer some advantages for them right because you could have like a third party put together like you could have third parties more easily use their.
Hart Montgomery: Their system right.
Right.
Cam Parra: yeah yeah they would definitely be an advantage, I don't know if the plan for Mike is to release it undercoat under point base or or his independent firm that he's that he's running as well.
Hart Montgomery: I don't know.
Cam Parra: So that's we'll have to figure that out, but.
Cam Parra: yeah so I guess Nathan won't be joining us, but I think like the thing that he wanted us or like you want you wanted to ask the Group was just like how we can get more code contributions and more attendance to these meetings.
Hart Montgomery: yeah I mean that's tough, I think the hole in the ecosystem is like struggling right now.
yeah.
Hart Montgomery: So.
Hart Montgomery: it's more of a large ecosystem thing, and this is sort of the hardest part right because it's hard to get people who are comfortable working with cryptographic code right.
Right.
Cam Parra: yeah, I guess, like, I guess, making it friendlier and having and I guess.
Cam Parra: Having just like people will see that it that it's not so difficult that I think that would be probably like a good thing, maybe going to some meetups and talking about the code and showing like how you can easily make a contribution to it.
Hart Montgomery: Do you want to do this.
Cam Parra: um well, I have to have to talk with Nathan about about like what I can do this is i'm not sure what I can and cannot do.
Cam Parra: If you want to get my meetup talk.
Hart Montgomery: We can make that happen.
Hart Montgomery: David boswell can really make that happen.
Hart Montgomery: Okay, so if that's something you're interested in, we can we can.
Hart Montgomery: I mean, I guess you probably want to do a virtual meetup right.
Cam Parra: Right yeah I would probably be a virtual meetup and.
Cam Parra: So kind of like it would probably be something like in DC oh did.
Cam Parra: Over the code base, and then they like.
Cam Parra: And then they showed how how they how they work on the code base.
Hart Montgomery: We can definitely do that if that's what you want to do.
Cam Parra: All right.
um.
Cam Parra: Maybe even before that we we just talked about how how.
Cam Parra: Basically, like or says the Foundation to a lot of these.
Cam Parra: A lot of these code bases and if you know if if this is not work, I guess that's kind of scary we.
Hart Montgomery: Know it's it's a good point and we've been.
Hart Montgomery: we've been bringing this up like.
Hart Montgomery: I guess you know.
Hart Montgomery: that these are security bugs so please don't.
Hart Montgomery: Please don't say anything.
Hart Montgomery: Are we.
Cam Parra: going to end the recording right now and.
Hart Montgomery: uh yeah I mean.
Cam Parra: I don't know I don't know how do you get dressed.
Cam Parra: Is it I don't know.
Cam Parra: How to grab the the host.
Hart Montgomery: Not OK, I will.
Hart Montgomery: Let me.
Hart Montgomery: find it.
Hart Montgomery: I guess, we will officially say that, like since it's just us, we will not have an official meeting today.
Cam Parra: Right.
Cam Parra: yeah and glad to see anyone doing next week.
Cam Parra: or in two weeks.
yeah.